Cumulus content updates for `polkadot v0.9.13` (#660)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-docs: v3/how-to-guides/07-parachains/a-connect-relay/index.mdx

    {
      title: 'Overview',
      description: `

>   Launching a parachain requires a series of steps to ensure that the relay chain knows exactly what is the parachain runtime logic once this parachain gets a slot on the relay chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Launching a parachain requires a series of steps to ensure that the relay chain knows exactly what the parachain's runtime logic is once a slot on the relay chain is secured.
```
